oscontainer-deprecated-legacy-format: use runvm not nested containers (#3111)
coreos/coreos-assembler: docs/cosa.md

| [tag](https://github.com/coreos/coreos-assembler/blob/main/src/cmd-tag) | Operate on the tags in `builds.json`
| [test-coreos-installer](https://github.com/coreos/coreos-assembler/blob/main/src/cmd-test-coreos-installer) | Automate an end-to-end run of coreos-installer with the metal image
| [upload-oscontainer](https://github.com/coreos/coreos-assembler/blob/main/src/cmd-upload-oscontainer) | Upload an oscontainer (historical wrapper for `cosa oscontainer`)

> | [create-legacy-oscontainer](https://github.com/coreos/coreos-assembler/blob/main/src/cmd-create-legacy-oscontainer) | Create an oscontainer oci-archive (historical wrapper for `cosa oscontainer`)

Reviewer: Maybe

```suggestion
| [create-legacy-oscontainer](https://github.com/coreos/coreos-assembler/blob/main/src/cmd-create-legacy-oscontainer) | Create an oscontainer in legacy format (i.e. not OSTree-native)
```

?
